troubleshooting/faq page (#95)
pyroscope-io/docs: docs/troubleshooting.mdx

---
id: troubleshooting-faq
title: Troubleshooting/FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)
sidebar_label: Troubleshooting/FAQ
slug: /troubleshooting-faq
description: Install Pyroscope with Kuberenetes using Helm
keywords: [ pyroscope, server, troubleshooting ]
---

> ### What are the recommended requirements for running pyroscope? (RAM, Memory, CPU)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What are the minimum system requirements for running pyroscope? (RAM, Memory, CPU)
```

* RAM (2GB ~ 4GB). See [My pyroscope server runs out of memory](#my-pyroscope-server-runs-out-of-memory) for more details.
* CPU ???

> * Disk ???

Reviewer: Let's say 2 CPUs and 10 GBs of space.
